3.) The app is $19.98 for app access, but filing a complaint is a seperate and additional 27.98, filing a lawsuit is seperate and additional cost with two options; the first tier is drafting the lawsuit and having it sent to user e-mail, with instructions for user self filing, for $115.95, second option is to have app file it for user, in the appropriate jurisdiction, with service by U.S. Marshal for $535.75. Legal consultation and officer lookup are free with app access. 4.) Remove replit sign in option. Incorperate Admin sign in in to login, remove admin label, admin login should be inconspicuous and managed entirely from user sign in. Remove username label and replace with login, login should have two options: "Sign In" and Sign Up", "Sign In" will replace "Login". "Sign Up" will replace register. Email is mandatory for sign up, therwise app will not know where to send welcome and confirmation emails. 5.) AI is failing to fill in facts submitted by user into the appropriate section of lawsuit, including officer's name, police department, city/county name, date of incident, time of incident,Plaintiff's name, location of incident, description of action conducted by officer,  list of injuries, subsequent events, check and fix.  6.)There should be a second AI prompt after the lawsuit preview, that appears after preview is avaiable. The purpose of the preview is for user to review lawsuit rough draft, and then make edits, corrections or fill in missing portions of lawsuit. The second AI propmt will go through lawsuit, locate missing information, or information in paranthesis, (which should be ghost text or placeholder text) , highlight the missing section  with a light blue outline, and ask the user details in relation to the missing data, AI will then automatically fill this in with the approppriate legal language for the lawsuit. 7.) Incorperate for lawsuit, jurisdiction tailored pleading logic and checklists. 8.) Add "Public Evidence Hub" function, a function that allows user the ability of when uploading evidence files, a checkbox  should be next to upload evidence that says "share with Bad Blue community" when checked it, will complie media into a clickable function, called "Public Evidenc Hub" which will be accessed as a seperate function on the same page as Welcome to BadBlue, under file a lawsuit function. 8.) Lawsuit AI should have a highly accurate and comprehensive "damages calculator", for compensatory, punitive ect damages, ect based upon users input. Shoiuld add and total medical bills, lost wages, and provide an estimate for pain and suffering based on a thorough AI questioning and users narrative then add to total. It should review and assess user facts, cross with average damages awarded by users selected state district court, cross with complaint type eg assualt, negligence ect. Damages calculator should provide user with an estimate of both the type of damages eg compensatory, punitive ect and the amount of damages user is entitled to. 